Update explorer with near catalog (#2169)
near/docs: docs/4.tools/explorer.md

![Pikespeak](/docs/assets/explorers/pikespeak.png)
*Main page of [Pikespeak](https://pikespeak.ai/)*

## NEARCatalog

> [NEARCatalog](https://dev.near.org/applications) provides access to example of decentralized applications (DApps) on the NEAR Protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NEARCatalog](https://dev.near.org/applications) provides access to trending decentralized applications (DApps) on the NEAR Protocol.
```
